add deprecation-banner-to-2.2 (#1064)
neo4j-labs/neodash: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/deprecation-banner.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> This version of NeoDash Neo4j Labs is no longer maintained.
> 
> Refer to link:https://neo4j.com/labs/neodash/2.4/[NeoDash Labs version 2.4] or link:https://neo4j.com/docs/neodash-commercial/[NeoDash commercial] for the fully supported NeoDash offering.

Author: ```suggestion
This documentation pertains to the unsupported version of NeoDash, as part of Neo4j Labs. For users of the supported NeoDash offering, refer to [NeoDash commercial](https://neo4j.com/docs/neodash-commercial/).

link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/dashboards/[Neo4j Aura dashboards] only support the import of dashboard JSON from link:https://neo4j.com/labs/neodash/2.4/[NeoDash Labs version 2.4].
```
